org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest.testRoundFloat(org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest) true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:952:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:953:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:954:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:957:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:958:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:959:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:960:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:961:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:962:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:963:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:965:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:966:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:967:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:968:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:969:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:970:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:972:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:973:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:974:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:975:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:976:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:977:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:979:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:980:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:981:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:982:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:983:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:984:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:986:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:987:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:988:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:989:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:990:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:991:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:992:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:993:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:995:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:996:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:997:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:998:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:999:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1000:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1001:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1002:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1003:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1004:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1006:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1007:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1008:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1009:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1010:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1011:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1012:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1013:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1015:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1016:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1025:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1026:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1027:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1028:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1029:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1030:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1040:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1041:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1042:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.util.MathUtilsTest:testRoundFloat:()V:1043:assertEquals false
