org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest.testMatrix(org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest) true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:checkRotation:(Lorg/apache/commons/math/geometry/Rotation;DDDD)V:499:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:checkVector:(Lorg/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D;Lorg/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D;)V:491:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:248:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:249:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:250:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:251:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:252:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:253:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:254:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:255:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:256:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:258:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:259:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:260:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:261:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:262:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:263:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:264:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:265:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:266:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:274:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:testMatrix:()V:276:assertTrue true
org.apache.commons.math.geometry.RotationTest:checkAngle:(DD)V:495:assertEquals true
