org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest.testAdd(org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest) true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:assertFraction:(IILorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction;)V:30:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:assertFraction:(IILorg/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction;)V:31:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:318:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:319:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:324:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:325:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:338:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:339:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:344:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:345:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:349:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:350:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:353:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:354:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:358:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:359:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:362:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:363:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:367:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:368:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:371:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.fraction.BigFractionTest:testAdd:()V:372:assertEquals true
