org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest.testCounts(org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest) true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:63:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:68:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:69:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:70:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:71:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:72:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:73:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:74:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:75:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:76:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:77:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:80:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:87:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:88:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:89:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:90:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:100:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:101:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:102:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:103:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:104:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:105:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:113:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:114:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:115:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:119:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:120:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:121:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:122:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:127:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:128:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:129:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:130:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:131:assertEquals true
