org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest.testCounts(org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest) true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:57:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:62:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:63:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:64:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:65:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:66:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:67:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:68:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:69:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:70:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:71:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:74:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:81:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:82:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:83:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:84:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:94:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:95:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:96:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:97:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:98:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:99:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:107:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:108:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:109:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:113:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:114:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:115:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:116:assertEquals false
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:121:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:122:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:123:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:124:assertEquals true
org.apache.commons.math.stat.FrequencyTest:testCounts:()V:125:assertEquals true
